The law firm of Bidner Injury Law is pleased to serve clients throughout Florida in a variety of matters of  personal injury. Our personal injury attorneys are dedicated to providing high quality, professional legal services and make every effort to get the best results for our clients.  Our vast experience allows us to fully meet the needs of clients who have been hurt in any type of accident or injury-causing scenario. In fact our firm is know as the "Lawyer's Lawyer", accepting personal injury referrals every day from Florida's largest law firms. We are especially adept at resolving matters involving:

Motor vehicle/car accidents
Pedestrian accidents
Bicycle accidents
Medical negligence matters
Medical malpractice
Nursing home abuse
Defective implants
Defective medical devices
Slip and fall injuries
Insurance bad faith
Defective products
Dangerous drugs
Dog Bites
Property owner negligence
Construction and work-related accidents
Negligent security
Swimming pool injuries
Store/retail negligence
Amusement park injuries
Electrical accidents

In these and all other types of injury cases, our dedication to legal excellence has allowed us to achieve successful outcomes for our clients.

If you are the victim of another party’s negligence you need the best representation you can get to protect your interests. Our attorneys have successfully handled cases in all areas of personal injury law, including motor vehicle/car accidents and collisions, pedestrian accidents, bicycle accidents, medical negligence matters, medical malpractice, nursing home abuse, defective implants, defective medical devices, slip and fall injuries, insurance bad faith, defective products, dangerous drugs,  dog bites, property owner negligence, construction and work related accidents, negligent security, swimming pool injuries, store/retail negligence, amusement park injuries, and electrical accidents. We bring years of experience, legal knowledge, and the highest level of professionalism to every case. Mark Bidner, the firm's managing member and a lawyer for 30+ years, employs a full team of  personal injury lawyers, investigators and medical/legal support experts who are well-equipped to handle all aspects of your claim. We thoroughly investigate each case, go to trial if necessary, and work tirelessly to get you the maximum compensation possible.

If you are looking for a law firm that focuses on quality, not quantity — a firm that pays greater attention to the details of your case and to you yourself — welcome to Bidner Injury Law. Our approach to the law is built on providing injured clients with the personal attention, customized legal solutions and straightforward answers that they deserve.  At Bidner Injury Law you will always receive a return phone call from your attorney, and not from a legal assistant, paralegal or law clerk . We are your attorneys and are always personally available to you.

Get the experience and resources of prominent and well-respected personal injury attorneys on your side.  We accept no legal fees for personal injury cases unless we obtain a verdict or settlement on your behalf.

To schedule a free, no-obligation consultation with Mark Bidner or another Bidner Injury Law firm attorney, call 786-765-4120 or fill out and submit our online Contact Us form .
